
As I am currently typing this response in MS Word, there were many good features that 
allow for error recovery.  There is one area that I consider not so good in regards to 
helping me with error recovery and usability, and it is as follows:

The autocorrect feature automatically changed a word if I mistyped it.  If I wanted to 
type the word “the” and actually typed “teh", it would autocorrect the word to “the”.  The 
bad aspect of this feature is that I have had typed up documents where it autocorrected 
something that I didn’t want autocorrected and I didn’t catch the auto correction.  I 
would suggest that all auto corrections in a document be identified by changing the color 
of the word for a visual review by the typist.  I say this because I will start typing 
something and not even look at the screen.  Even when I am looking at the screen, the 
autocorrect can be so subtle, I wouldn’t even know something had changed.  A color 
coded view of all the auto corrections might make it easier for review that requiring me 
to re-read the document and not really know where the auto corrections were made.  
There should also be an option to reverse the correction when the mouse is hovered 
over the color-coded auto corrected word.  I did look in the help area where it said that I 
could hover the mouse over words to get an icon that would let me reverse the 
autocorrect.  The problem is that I would have to hover my mouse over the entire 
document because I wouldn’t know what had been corrected.    This concept of hide until 
hovered upon is not my idea of good feedback.  

In an article that proposed guidelines for handling human errors, Rizzo, Parlangeli, 
Marchigiani, and Bagnara conveyed that it was not possible to know the intentions of 
users and how they evaluate outcomes, and further stated that tools have been created 
to catch a user’s intentions with the result of providing no real use for evaluation. (p. 
117).  I find it odd that an autocorrect feature would be created based on the very 
premise of catching my intentions with almost no visual feedback for me to evaluate the 
outcome of what it thought were errors on my part.

